Today's wedding of Haicheng Linfu
Recruit Song's only son as husband
Carry into the hole
Evergreen
Why is Yuner your evergreen?
Miss, the groom drank too much
Sober up
Come over in a while
Didn't I tell him to drink less alcohol?
Miss, don't worry
Drink this bowl of carbon medicine first
This is Yuna
Specially find the prescription that the old Chinese medicine doctor asked for you
As expected of my girl since childhood, she is really sensible
You go and find Evergreen
What's the matter?
Yun'er, where did you get the house from?
How come?
Yun'er, what did you give me to drink?
Miss
This is the abortion pill I made especially for you
How is it? It tastes good, right?
Hahahaha!
Hahaha
Hahahahaha
Ah, help!
Somebody help me!
Help!
Miss
Help me he will die
Waiting for the moon bomb
I made him do it.
And I let him poison him
Better to poison
But they
It's your children that can be ruined in my belly
Child my miss linna
You don't really think our evergreen family will marry you
Is it for you?
What do you mean?
To tell you the truth
The person I love the most in our evergreen family is me
You are just him for territorial property
Using a flag
Hahahaha
Changqing, isn't he talking about talent? Changqing
Ah!
What about the dignified house?
Haicheng's largest home
Why are you the only team left?
If you die
The property of this government
Isn't it all my Song Changqing's?
Sister Bear
If my brother-in-law in my name
stink
Safe Path
I am your governor
I have one person to lower the tube
Ha ha.
Hahaha
Ah!
Ring my red building station
Tang Wangkao named me a reading officer
think
When you arrive at the meal, lock the door of the store
Forced me to accompany me to the door
You have added it in Mandarin Duck.
Mr. Song, your new wife
He actually committed suicide in the big red bowl
Is there anything you want to say?
I didn't expect it to turn out like this.
But for the sake of my wife
For my beloved wife
I swear I will never marry.
I am his natural maid
It's me, I didn't take good care of the lady
I didn't take good care of him
It's not me as a husband
Did not serve my wife well
I should die
Ahahaha
Ah!